Added remote upgrading for MacOS agents (#4135)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/agents/remote-upgrading/create-custom-wpk/generate-wpk-package-manually.rst

In this example, the Wazuh project's root directory contains the proper ``upgrade.sh`` file.

Definitions:
    - ``output/myagent.wpk`` is the name of the output WPK package.

>     - ``path/to/wpkcert.pem`` is the path to SSL certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ``path/to/wpkcert.pem`` is the path to the SSL certificate.
```

>     - ``path/to/wpkcert.key`` is the path to SSL certificate's key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ``path/to/wpkcert.key`` is the path to the SSL certificate's key.
```

>     - ``\*`` is the file (or the files) to be included into WPK package. In this case, all the contents will be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ``\*`` is the file or files to be included in the WPK package. In this case, all the contents are added.
```

  # tools/agent-upgrade/wpkpack.py output/myagent.wpk path/to/wpkcert.pem path/to/wpkcert.key path/to/wazuhagent.msi path/to/upgrade.bat path/to/do_upgrade.ps1

MacOS WPK
^^^^^^^^^

> Install development tools and compilers. In macOS, this can be easily done by installing brew, a package manager for macOS:

Reviewer 2: This is not OK. MacOS uses `.pkg` file, no compiled files.

Author: Done

Definitions:
    - ``output/myagent.wpk`` is the name of the output WPK package.

>     - ``path/to/wpkcert.pem`` is the path to SSL certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ``path/to/wpkcert.pem`` is the path to the SSL certificate.
```

>     - ``path/to/wpkcert.key`` is the path to SSL certificate's key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ``path/to/wpkcert.key`` is the path to the SSL certificate's key.
```

>     - ``path/to/wazuhagent.msi`` is the path to MSI file, downloaded in step 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ``path/to/wazuhagent.msi`` is the path to the MSI file downloaded in step 3.
```

>     - ``path/to/upgrade.bat`` is the path to the upgrade.bat file. Find an example at src/win32 within wazuh repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ``path/to/upgrade.bat`` is the path to the upgrade.bat file. Find an example in src/win32 in the Wazuh repository.
```

>     - ``path/to/do_upgrade.ps1`` is the path to the do_upgrade.ps1 file. Find an example at src/win32 within wazuh repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ``path/to/do_upgrade.ps1`` is the path to the do_upgrade.ps1 file. Find an example in src/win32 in the Wazuh repository.
```

> MacOS WPK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
macOS WPK
```

^^^^^^^^^

Install development tools and compilers. In Linux this can easily be done using your distribution's package manager:

For RPM-based distributions:

.. code-block:: console

  # yum install make gcc policycoreutils-python automake autoconf libtool unzip

For Debian-based distributions:

.. code-block:: console

  # apt-get install make gcc libc6-dev curl policycoreutils automake autoconf libtool unzip

> Download and extract the latest version of wazuh sources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download and extract the latest version of Wazuh sources:
```

.. code-block:: console

  # curl -Ls https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh/archive/v|WAZUH_LATEST|.tar.gz | tar zx

> Download the latest version of the wazuh PKG package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the latest version of the Wazuh PKG package:
```

.. code-block:: console

  # curl -Ls https://packages.wazuh.com/|CURRENT_MAJOR|/macos/wazuh-agent-|WAZUH_LATEST|-|WAZUH_REVISION_OSX|.pkg --output wazuh-agent-|WAZUH_LATEST|-|WAZUH_REVISION_OSX|.pkg

Install the root CA if you want to overwrite the root CA with the file you created previously:

.. code-block:: console

  # cd ../
  # cp path/to/wpk_root.pem etc/wpk_root.pem

Compile the WPK package using the PKG package and, your SSL certificate and key:

.. code-block:: console

  # tools/agent-upgrade/wpkpack.py output/myagent.wpk path/to/wpkcert.pem path/to/wpkcert.key path/to/wazuhagent.pkg path/to/upgrade.sh path/to/pkg_installer_mac.sh

Definitions:
    - ``output/myagent.wpk`` is the name of the output WPK package.

>     - ``path/to/wpkcert.pem`` is the path to SSL certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ``path/to/wpkcert.pem`` is the path to the SSL certificate.
```

>     - ``path/to/wpkcert.key`` is the path to SSL certificate's key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ``path/to/wpkcert.key`` is the path to the SSL certificate's key.
```

>     - ``path/to/wazuhagent.pkg`` is the path to PKG file, downloaded in step 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ``path/to/wazuhagent.pkg`` is the path to the PKG file downloaded in step 3.
```

>     - ``path/to/upgrade.sh`` is the path to the upgrade.sh file. Find an example at base directory within wazuh repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ``path/to/upgrade.sh`` is the path to the upgrade.sh file. Find an example at the base directory in the Wazuh repository.
```

>     - ``path/to/pkg_installer_mac.sh`` is the path to the pkg_installer_mac.sh file. Find an example at src/init within wazuh repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ``path/to/pkg_installer_mac.sh`` is the path to the pkg_installer_mac.sh file. Find an example in src/init in the Wazuh repository.
```
